As far as our CSF is concerned let's head over to Stiles.
Yes yes.
Then of course we do have our about I'm going to navigate all the way in the bottom.
I'm going to copy and paste.
In fact these lines of comments and then I'm gonna change some values here where it is not going to
be about.
Course I'm going to call this services and then of course end of services as well services.
Okay.
Now once we have our comments set up why don't we start with a service class.
Remember that was the class that was on the article so let's right service class.
And for this particular class I would like to have a text line properly with the value of center so
all my content in listening and center as well as why don't we add a margin bottom let's say three arms
right.
So that way we're gonna have some kind of margin in between the actual each and every service.
Then we're gonna do some styling for the service icon.
So service icon class and then let me scroll up a little bit just so you can see a little bit more clearer.
Why don't we start first with a background.
And remember we had the primary color.
So that is exactly what I'm gonna use right now.
That is of course my service icon but it has to be some kind of issue because right now what I see happening
is that I have service icon here that is not what I wanted.
So I believe the class that I wanted in fact to create was a service in for some reason I created this
as a service icon.
My apologies.
Now let me select all what say three of them.
Let's do it this way.
Let's delete them and let's in fact rename them.
Now this case I again selected the wrong one this should be an icon.
Then I should change the second one to aim for.
So on the same goes for the second one I should have this as an icon and this should be an info.
So again just to recap instead of adding the class of service icon to a div which would be the same
class like I had before.
Instead we're shooting for service info.
My apologies I didn't mess with this one up.
Now as I said for the service icon First I would want some background color.
Then we would want some other styles as well.
So we why we don't we had a pattern of zero point five grams.
So there's gonna be a little bit more padding we can do display inline block display in the line block
like so so that way all the margins are in fact respected.
If there's going to be any kind of margins and then why don't we also maybe add a little bit of font
size so let's increase it to to our arms you are Ms.
Last but not least I'm gonna add some marching in the bottom so margin bottom one point five.
Ari Ms.
MIKE So once we have the margin the service title is going to be next.
So service title and then here why don't we do tax transform and uppercase.
So my title is going to be uppercase.
Last but not least I would like to add some styles to a service text.
This guy over here.
Some writes service text and then I'm going to go with the width of 80 percent so the width is going
to be a little bit smaller.
And then of course I would like to place it in the center so I'm going to use margin zero to bottom
left and right order.
And then why don't we also change the line height here and let's write let's say one point five.
And why don't we.
Yeah that should do it.
I think that looks really really good.
So once we have this particular set up why don't we set up our columns because if we look at my final
project we're going to notice that once we get to a five hundred and seventy six pixels or essentially
bigger than 576 we're gonna have a two column layout right.
So that is going to be our two column land.
But before that of course we just have a single column which is exactly what we have right now.
So let's set up our media query.
That's right.
Media screen and and we're going to go with men with here.
And why don't we start.
Like I said with 576.
But as always it's really up to you if you'd like to have a two column layout on a bigger screen on
a smaller screen.
Again just change the values.
So what I would like to do right now.
Well first of all I have the services center class.
Correct.
So why don't we write Services Center.
Let's use our display flex so we're going to write display flex.
Now I'm going to show you right away on a bigger screen size because I think it just makes a little
bit more sense.
So once we get to a five so six notice of course I do have right now my layout but that is not exactly
what I would want because I would want a two column and this right away gives me a three column layout.
And the reason for that is because I'm just using display flex and I have three items.
Now why don't we add four to each and every service.
Also the width of that particular service.
So again I'm going to write service some targeting each and every service and I know that since this
is a flex box child I can just use flex I'm going to say I don't want to service the girl or shrink
and instead I would like to use a calc function and then let's say that since I would want a two column
while I'm just gonna write okay I would want each and every service to be 50 percent minus one RTM for
some kind of margin in between let's say that.
And now we should have this layout of course I do have my 50 percent but I do have also my third service
stretching horizontally.
And the reason for that because I 50 percent 50 percent and this guy doesn't fit.
So we're going to have to head over back to the services center and then let's just write our comment
and I'm just adding this comment of after to kind of explain what is happening.
I could have rolled right away both of these properties with the values right after the Flex which would
normally something you would do.
The reason why I'm using this after is to kind of show you that we first set up our two column layout
and then we're gonna add the properties with the values to service the center to in fact fix it.
Because if we're just going to add or leave it the way it is of course it's not going to work.
So this way as I'm writing this I think it makes a little more sense where you see the shortcoming of
just using the 50 percent minus one RTM.
Without these properties and values and then that way you can be like OK.
So I understand fully what those properties are doing.
So first of all I would like to use a flex wrap and let's set this equal to a wrap.
So in this case once we head over back of course we have a nice two column layout one column second
column and we have a third item sitting in the first column.
Some of that is really really well.
But I would also want to use the fact that I do have these margins correct because our item is 50 percent
minus one RTM.
So it's less than 50 percent by one area.
And we can use that by doing justify content and we're just going to have space between.
So we are going to push these items as far as possible from each other.
Now on this particular layout it is not a big deal.
There's not much of a actual difference.
Right.
Because the items are small to begin with but in general this is what I really like to do where I'm
just pushing the items as far as possible from each other.
Now that would be 576.
Now why don't we head over to a nine hundred ninety two.
So once we get to let's say nine out of 92 I would like to have a three column layout.
Now the way we do that is very simply we can just write a new media query but in my case I'm just going
to copy and paste it in this way we're gonna go together and figure out what is in fact changing.
All right.
Because we only need to in fact apply the styles for the items that are changing.
So display is going to be flex like it is starting already from five six.
So we don't care about that.
And in fact we don't care anything about the services center.
So all this is already set up within the 576.
Right.
We have all the styles already here.
So we really don't care about services center.
What we do care about is setting up a three column layer.
So first of all it's changed 992 pixels.
So starting from nine hundred ninety two I would like to change it not to 50 percent but thirty three
point three three three because I would like to have a record layer.
All right.
Let's head over back and sure enough we do have our three column layout and once we have this three
column layout the last thing that I would like to cover is in fact this side by side effect because
notice that once we get to in fact eleven hundred and seventy pixels in fact not only we have a three
column layout where the icon is sitting on the top and then we have a text as well as we have this little
information about the service but we also change it around a little bit where we use the fact that of
course we can use the Flex box.
Now this is really optional if you like of course you can just leave your three come out.
You don't have to do this side by side effect but since we are covering flex box I thought that I would
like to show you how we can of course do this side by side effect.
Now the reason why I'm doing this on a bigger screen size because in my opinion you need to have a room.
So it looks somewhat decent.
OK.
If you're doing this on a small screen size I believe it doesn't look very good.
So that's the reason why I like to keep this layout with icon on top on a small screen size and only
once I get to eleven hundred and seventy.
That's when I flip it around.
Now how do we do that.
Well first of all we're going to have to set up a mirror query.
So again just because it's a little bit easier for me to park copy everything I'm just gonna copy everything
then I'm going to leave this one blank for an hour to service.
But let's just change the values let's say eleven hundred and seventy pixels.
Right.
And remember that was our max with to begin with for our services center for our generic class.
Now what we would like to do.
Well we have this service class correct.
We have the whole service class and that includes the icon as well as the div.
Now as we're looking at it we notice that we have two children correct.
So one is icon.
And the second child is this div.
Now this particular div has two items in it as well.
So heading for Bud and the paragraph.
However please keep in mind since we're working with our service class with our article as far as this
particular article is concerned it only has two children.
Now we would like to set them side by side.
So what do we do.
Well we do a display flux and that's number one.
And let's check it out.
What will be the change.
And this is what we got.
So we have icon on the left hand side.
And now we have our text and as well as our paragraph here on the right hand side.
OK.
That's a good start.
Now why don't we align everything on the left hand side.
Because remember when we were working with our services in general we just set everything in a center.
So what I would like to do right now is just set up everything text on line and I'm going to say left.
So I'm going to move all my text to the left.
And then there's still some issues here.
But don't worry we're gonna fix them literally in a second.
But now what I would like to do is as we see for our icon since our default is stretch.
Remember when we set something to a flex or the parent our items by default we're stretch but what I
would like to do is have my icon here sitting all the way on the top like so.
So it's not stretched and the way we do that is by targeting in fact our icon.
So let's write service icon and remember since it is a child we can just apply a line self and instead
of in fact aligning it by having it as a stretch I'm going to go would start.
So first of all I would like to align it all the way on top.
So I'm going to go and start the model and we'll fix that.
Now my icon sitting nicely on the top.
So it's not any more stretched all the way to a with or I'm sorry the height I guess with another flex
box child then I would like to have a little bit of padding for the service in full and I'm going to
go with one arms.
So we're going to do it this way.
Service in full and for my info I'm going to set it up a padding left and we're going to set it as one
arms not said that one.
So now we have a little bit padding left.
And now as far as service title I would like to add a little bit of margin in the bottom.
So I'm going to go with zero point five arms.
So let's set this up as margin bottom and like so zero point five are yams.
And last but not least.
Why don't we work with this text because first of all I'd like to remove any kind of margins from my
text and have some kind of with for text as well.
So the text that a class of service text.
Now first of all let's add some kind of with let's say with is going to be 90 percent in this case.
And last but not least I don't want any kind of margins.
So I'm going to go with margins zero all around.
And when we do that we have this particular layout where there is going to be some margin because we
have it on the title but then text is just sitting here splash with a side of my service in full.
And this is 90 percent.
That's how we can create.
In fact this side by side layout on a bigger screen size if we would like to do so successfully we have
created our services section and next to not there's going to be a feature towards section.